refactor(curriculum): improve binary search tree (#53622)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-tree-traversal-by-building-a-binary-search-tree/65ca294e05dc032bf8922dc7.md

---
id: 65ca294e05dc032bf8922dc7
title: Step 59
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-59
---

# --description--

> Below the print statement, call the `print()` function and pass it the string `Inorder traversal:` as the first argument and the `bst.inorder_traversal()` call as the second argument to print the result of the inorder traversal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the `print()` call, call again `print()` and pass it the string `'Inorder traversal:'` as the first argument and the `bst.inorder_traversal()` call as the second argument to print the result of the inorder traversal.
```

---
id: 65ca294e05dc032bf8922dc7
title: Step 59
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-59
---

# --description--

> Below the print statement, call the `print()` function and pass it the string `'Inorder traversal:'` as the first argument and the `bst.inorder_traversal()` call as the second argument to print the result of the inorder traversal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below the `print()` call, call the `print()` function again and pass it the string `'Inorder traversal:'` as the first argument and the `bst.inorder_traversal()` call as the second argument to print the result of the inorder traversal.
```
